# Midterm reflection
### June 1, 2020
During sprint 4, there were two key feedback moments: a midterm meeting with the coach and TA, and a meeting with a larger number of MVRDV employees including our primary contact at the company Leo.

## Midterm meeting
There are three main takeaways from the midterm meeting: we need more focus in terms of what we are working on and how we should do that, the TA and coach were not sure we could finish the requirements at the current rate and although the process has improved a lot and this was noted the TA and coach still felt that despite having improved much we still have to step it up a bit, especially with the requirements we had at that point in time. It was noted that the meeting ended up carrying on for quite long as it appeared that every point that was brought up by TA and coach was met with an elaborate discussion, which says something about our efficiency with regards to virtual meetings, but also with our frustration of the process. As on one hand we felt we had put a lot of time and energy in the project, but on the other hand we did not have the results we would like to have had.

As we had also felt ourselves that not only our requirements were quite ambitious, we decided that we would talk through with the client how exactly we could rethink the project we were working on and all that we had already implemented to fit it in a bigger MVRDV narrative, which we did both during the presentation we gave for the MVRDV employees and the smaller meeting we had with Leo.

## Presentation for MVRDV
To the staff of MVRDV, it was even more apparent that our project lacked a clear vision behind what we were working on and aimed to implement. This was reflected in the small presentation we gave, and in the QA session that followed many interesting things and ideas were pointed out. As one technical staff from the Why? Factory pointed out, this project nearly felt like it wanted to compete with master students who work on a computer vision project, and should focus more on this exploration of what is possible for people at MVRDV in a nice, documented way rather than only being about developing this feature recognition engine. Of course, the resulting application is very important, but more important it should serve as an illustrative prototype which shows the potential of technologies from computer vision for urbanists and architects at MVRDV. This in turn has led to a bit of a facelift for our requirements, which had not been changed since their initial formulation for the project plan that was handed in May 4. This update of the requirements was finished June 1. 

The main point of the changes is this: connect what we had worked on with a narrative at MVRDV, namely the Planetmaker and sketching scenarios based on existing living spaces, and drop some technical requirements we had set to focus on this direction and have a tool that can do something interesting.
